	Have you ever wondered what the temperature would be next week? With the power of the internet, you could search this term in any web browser, and hundreds of millions of websites would show you the weather. Making access to the internet accessible to children can assist them academically. Hobbies could also come from the internet, such as coding and virtual art. Children could also take a break and watch an entertaining movie or video, or maybe even play games on the internet. This cyberspace has many opportunities, such as freelancing. Children could use their skills to advantage and get hired for real money! The internet helps everyone, including children, in a lot of ways.
	Children learning educational material online is a benefit and an advantage. People who have access to the internet could look up things such as the first one-hundred digits of pi, how to calculate the square root of a number, and how to write an essay. All of these are ways children can learn new things that could help them in the real life, or school. Some might consider this as cheating, but in reality, it’s just studying. Children might need it to rememorize the formula for the area of a triangle, and that should be okay. This intent of using the internet is not bad, as it helps them learn, especially from their mistakes if they ever make one. Let’s say that you needed to calculate something to solve a problem, but you forgot the method your teacher taught you. If you just search that up, you could watch videos made just for that topic. This could help you train for actually memorizing it in something important, such as a test. As you can see, the internet also has good purposes for learning, and that benefits students to help them grow further than what they already are.
	The internet could also have an effect on kids by building good hobbies. Little activities could build up into huge opportunities such as jobs, companies, and even innovations. For instance, I started a new hobby online, coding. In my free time, I looked at code, how it functions, what it does, and the basics. I taught myself how to write code, so I decided to make this a hobby. After doing that for a year, I got a job opportunity at Readisten Corporation, and I am the Vice President of Innovations. This means that I do most of the coding and technical work. This goes to show that anything could become big, such as an online hobby. The internet brings small activities, from software development and 3D modeling to using photo editors, making art, and editing videos and making them into careers. All in all, unlimited internet access could give children gains financially, and recreationally.
	In conclusion, the internet provides numerous opportunities for children to learn, grow and explore their interests. It allows them to access a wealth of knowledge, develop new hobbies and potentially even earn money. As long as children are supervised and guided in their online activities, the internet can be a valuable tool for their personal and academic development.
